add doc for multiple changefeeds and edit changefeed for tidb cloud (#11709)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md

## Step 1. Open the changefeed page for Apache Kafka

1. In the TiDB Cloud console, navigate to the **Changefeed** tab of your TiDB cluster.

> 2. Click **Create Changefeed**, and select **Kafka** as **Target Type**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Create Changefeed**, and select **Kafka** as **Target Type**.
```

## Step 3. Set the changefeed

1. Customize **Table Filter** to filter the tables that you want to replicate. For the rule syntax, refer to [table filter rules](/table-filter.md).

>     - **Add filter rules**: you can set filter rules in this column. By default, there is a rule `*. *`, which stands for replicating all tables. When you add a new rule, TiDB Cloud queries all the tables in TiDB and displays only the tables that match the rules in the box on the right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Add filter rules**: you can set filter rules in this column. By default, there is a rule `*.*`, which stands for replicating all tables. When you add a new rule, TiDB Cloud queries all the tables in TiDB and displays only the tables that match the rules in the **Tables to be replicated** column.
```

        If you want the changefeed to send Kafka messages of a table to one Kafka partition, choose this distribution method. The table name of a row changelog will determine which partition the changelog is sent to. This distribution method ensures table orderliness but might cause unbalanced partitions.

7. In the **Topic Configuration** area, configure the following numbers. The changefeed will automatically create the Kafka topics according to the numbers.

   - **Replication Factor**: controls how many Kafka servers each Kafka message is replicated to.
   - **Partition Number**: controls how many partitions exist in a topic.

8. Click **Next** to check the configurations you set and go to the next page.

## Step 4. Review the configurations

On this page, you can review all the changefeed configurations that you set.

If you find any error, you can go back to fix the error. If there is no error, you can click the check box at the bottom, and then click **Create** to create the changefeed.

## Restrictions

> - For each TiDB Cloud cluster, you can create up to 10 Kafka changefeeds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For each TiDB Cloud cluster, you can create up to 10 Kafka or MySQL changefeeds.
```

If you find any error, you can go back to fix the error. If there is no error, you can click the check box at the bottom, and then click **Create** to create the changefeed.

> ## Manage the changefeed

Reviewer: the description is outdated and duplicates with changefeed-overview.md
